= Google Analytics Library
Simple javascript file for adding Google Analytics to a site.

== Features

* one javascript file for all Google Analytics tracking code
* download, email and external link event tracking
  
== Dependencies

* Google Analytics
* jQuery (http://docs.jquery.com/Downloading_jQuery#Download_jQuery)
* jQuery hashchange by Ben Alman (http://benalman.com/projects/jquery-hashchange-plugin/)

== Setup

1. Create a Google Analytics account for your site (here's a good tutorial: http://support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=1008015&topic=1726909&ctx=topic)
1. Replace 'UA-xxxxxxxx-1' in analytics_lib.js with your Google Analytics tracking code
1. Link to the file from your page

    <script type="text/javascript" src="javascripts/jquery.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="javascripts/jquery.ba-hashchange.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="javascripts/analytics_lib.js"></script>


== More detail needed?

Contact me via email! Derek Eder mailto:derek.eder@opencityapps.org


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: https://github.com/open-city/google-analytics-lib/issues


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Nick Rougeux and Derek Eder of Open City. Released under the MIT License.

See LICENSE for details https://github.com/open-city/google-analytics-lib/wiki/License